We already dig quite deep into
architecture of, [LAUGH] TensorFlow.
But it kinda beats the purpose of the
introduction to machine learning, right?
So once again I wanna return back and
tell you about Linear regression.
And so it's almost like a grandfather
of your neural networks,
so I want to show you how you can
actually tweak your weights and
biases to get to the optimal value.
So what we will do,
is simply first let's create the data,
the data we will be using to to learn
something about this data distribution.
So we will be using tensor flow random
to add a little bit noise to our data,
and let's just define the function.
Define let's say data creation.
And what we can do, we can just provide
here the values we will try to find.
So for instance, our weight for now,
let's just keep only one weight and
one input signal, right?
So for instance weight,
let's say equal to 0.1.
Our bias, let’s say equal to 0.5, why not?
And then in our function what
we will try to do is just,
first generate x, and
that’s gonna be our = data.
So I want to randomly generate it,
so I will use
tf.random.uniform.
If only I can type.
How much data points do I want?
Let's say, shape = (),
I can also specify it as
the parameters, so n=100, for instance.
So let's just print X,
just to see what it's gonna create.
I haven't called my function yet,
right, so
let's actually call it here,
data_creation.
And in Python,
if hose arguments were provided.
So if default values will be provided,
they will be used in the function body,
but I can modify them.
So for instance, if I explicitly
say I want my wb = now to 0.5,
I can do that here.
And if I don't specify anything else,
then a default value b will
be used default value n.
So what happened here,
we printed out X and
in our X we have just 100 numbers
uniformly distributed between 0 and 1.
To show you that it's truly
uniformly distributed,
what I can do,
I can just plot those numbers.
So, let's say X =,
let's return back to our original value.
So, new Tensor is created, what we can
do we can just use matplotlib inline.
If you're once again not familiar
with the Jupyter Notebooks,
this percentage in front of the line
means that I'm using Magic Word.
In Jupyter lingo it means that I want
to run some internal commands which
Jupyter Notebook will recognize.
And, this particular
command matplotlib inline
means that all the images created
by the matplotlib library.
Will be printed out on screen
in the Jupiter Notebook.
A matplotlib is actually a super
nice library for visualization.
If you go to matplotlib.org,
you can find a lot of useful
information about this library,
as well as really nice examples.
That's what I usually use,
I just kind of go to the examples.
Look at the Graphs I want to draw, what
kind of similar graphs I want to draw.
I just click on them, and
that will give me an example of
the Python code which I can then
just adjust to my purposes.
So you can say this
library is pretty awesome.